Reorganize documentation (#142)
navapbc/template-infra: README.md

# Template repository for application infrastructure

## Overview

This is a template repository for a to set up foundational infrastructure for your application in AWS. This template includes setup for:

* **Team workflows** - PR template, architecture decision record (ADR) template, Makefile.

> * **Infrastructure as code** - infrastructure for terraform backends, including S3 buckets and DynamoDB table for locking terraform state

Reviewer: small wording note — based on the general title I would expect this to include app infrastructure. Maybe a better term would be something like "Infrastructure bootstrap" or "foundational infrastructure"? 🤷 just thinking out loud.

Author: what about "account-level foundational infrastructure"?

> * **Infrastructure as code** - infrastructure for terraform backends, including S3 buckets and DynamoDB table for locking terraform state

Author: Technically there's also a bucket for logs, but I agree this is clearer

* **CI for infra** - GitHub action that performs infra code checks, including linting, validation, and security compliance checks.

> * **Application infrastructure** - the infrastructure you need to set up a basic web app, such as a image container repository, load balancer, web service, and database.

Reviewer: Could this be moved up, right below "Infrastructure as Code"? Seems more logically grouped that way.

> * **CD / Deployments** - infrastructure to set up AWS account access for GitHub actions, Makefile commands for building and publishing release candidates, and a GitHub action for deploying on merges to main.

Reviewer: Could this maybe be summarized a bit before the long list? Or maybe it's just that the "continuous deployment" part is shortened in the title.

```suggestion
* **CD / Deployments** - infrastructure for continuous deployment, including: AWS account access for Github actions, scripts for building and publishing release artifacts, and a Github action for automated deployments from the main branch.
```

## Installation

To get started using the template infrastructure on your project, install the template by cloning the template repository and copying the following folders/files to your repository and removing any files that are only relevant to the template itself:

```bash
# fetch latest version of template-infra
git clone --single-branch --branch main --depth 1 git@github.com:navapbc/template-infra.git

cp -r \
  template-infra/.github \
  template-infra/bin \
  template-infra/docs \
  template-infra/infra \
  template-infra/docker-compose.yml \
  Makefile \
  .

rm .github/workflows/template-only-*

# clean up template-infra folder
rm -fr template-infra
```

Now you're ready to set up the various pieces of your infrastructure.

## Setup

1. [Set up team workflow](./template-only-docs/set-up-team-workflow.md)
2. [Set up resources needed to manage infrastructure as code (IaC)](./template-only-docs/set-up-infrastructure-as-code.md)
3. [Set up continuous integration](./template-only-docs/set-up-ci.md)
4. [Set up application](./docs/infra/set-up-app.md)

> 5. [Set up application environments](./docs/infra/set-up-app-env.md)

Reviewer: I like this index of template-only-docs — might be nice for the docs README (or the docs/infra/README.md) to have an index of pages since the pages themselves are not ordered in any way.

(Non-blocking; just a thought for the future.)

Author: Sounds good, added `docs/infra/README.md`
